I had a lunch with Erich von Daniken last week.
Oh my God.
Yes.
Very interesting.
Very weird.
Yeah.
He's the guy who wrote chariots of the gods.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
In his eighties now.
And uh,
he was showing us slides.
What's the real story there?
I was wondering mostly nonsense,
unfortunately.
Yeah.
Mostly.
Mostly what it is is evidence of lost civilizations,
ancient civilizations that were incredibly advanced.
I follow the work of Graham Hancock and Randall Carlson and a few other people
that are being proven actually correct more and more,
almost on a daily basis by new discoveries that show that that civilization
predates what we initially thought.
[inaudible] the initial thought was that somewhere around the great pyramids,
which is like 2,500 BC,
that was about as good as anybody got.
And you go back to like ancient to mayor,
which is about 6,000 years ago and that,
that's basically it.
What they're saying is that no,
there was most likely a reset,
a global reset of civilization due to a cataclysmic disaster.
And there's a shit ton of evidence.
There's massive evidence in the form of this nuclear glass that exists when
there's asteroidal impacts.
And um,
also there was a guy named doctor Robert Schoch was one of the first guys to
propose this.
It's actually when he freaked me on the podcast,
he said there was a mass coronal ejection that most likely,
because lightning storms like rainstorm but lightning like that much light,
they're destroying the ground.
And that the only people that survive where people that could get under cover
that could get into a terrible yeah.
And the mass extinction of 60 plus percent of the large mammals in a very short
window of time,
almost instantaneously North America,
the,
the end of the Ice Age,
like 10,000 plus years ago,
there was a mile high ice in most of North America,
most of North America covered in ice and then gone and all these,
all these areas,
all of these points of interest point to this one,
one moment in time,
that's somewhere between 10 and 12,000 years ago that some big event happened
and that most likely just crippled civilization.
And then people had to rebuild whatever people were around that because it's
also that they found like just looking at DNA that all of humanity at one point
got wiped out except for like one village.
There was only that.
Everyone is,
everyone has descended from the same group of about 5,000 people as well.
There was a super volcano that erupted somewhere around 70,000 years ago that
they think this is predating this cataclysmic disaster of 12,000 years ago that
they are pretty sure wiped human beings down to a few thousand folks.
Yeah.
Where are these elders that turns that and like,
I want to say it's,
where's that?
That super volcano,
there's,
there's a super volcano that knocked everybody down.
We'll
find it.
Yeah.
We've got one under Yosemite or Yellowstone.
Yellowstone.
Yellowstone is going to get us all every six to 800,000 years.
It blows do right.
That's why I don't go camping.
Don't go.
That's might not be the worst place to go.
Like go camping.
They over it that way I can.
Yeah.
That way when it ends,
it ends quick.
You don't want to be living in New York now I'm just choking cloud.
Yeah.
That's the worst.
Watching people eat homeless folks in the street.
Yeah.
There's no,
uh,
there's not now in the place.
Yeah.
Well,
well,
there's also like things that fly through space and zip by,
you know,
like they're,
they're,
they're just constantly finding these things.
That's the lights,
things,
the air find Dan again,
thing I remember as a kid going,
my,
my problem is that they kept showing all these massive paintings that can only
be seen from the sky.
So therefore there must have been drawn for aliens.
And I can know if you believe God is looking down on you,
you're going to draw a big paintings for God to look at.
So you don't need that.
But now,
but now I'm more the,
uh,
thing I've become obsessed with lately.
Is this the skepticism about Ufos?
Yeah.
That's why I want to talk to you about this because you told me that you've
become obsessed with Ufos were silly.
Oh yeah.
Completely.
And it's like,
yeah,
totally.
Really?
Yeah.
Totally believe the UFO phenomenon is real.
I don't know what it is,
but it's totally,
it has to be real.
Some things happened.
Why is that?
Because there's just way too much evidence that it is real.
What evidence?
Uh,
well,
uh,
radar evidence,
that the,
the f 16 locked on a Ufo,
that footage and also just,
uh,
like I know that friend of ours,
I don't know if she wants to say it,
but her father was an air traffic controller and he told her,
they said,
yeah,
every air traffic controller has seen something.
Yeah.
And I had another friend whose father was in a commercial pilot and she said,
yeah,
my dad said every single pilot has seen something and they've all been told not
to say anything about it.
We have a couple of friends that say they were abducted.
Deducted.
Yeah.
The abducted one is a little easier to wrap your head around because when you're
sleeping,
your brain is producing all sorts of endogenous psychedelic chemicals.
Yeah.
Almost all of these experiences happen when you're sleeping.
Almost all these experience,
when these people were abducted,
they're taken from their beds,
which is when they're dreaming.
I mean,
it's like there's some real clear,
easy steps to follow if you want to fall Occam's razor and not,
you're not get crazy with it knocks those out,
but it doesn't knock out like Barney and Betty Hill and all the people that are
abducted will fully conscious and that and that remember it without
hypnotherapy.
I'm like,
I'm not sure about the abduction phenomenon,
but I don't know Barney and Betty Hill.
I know the story,
but I don't know them.
Yeah.
So I would have to know them because there's a lot of people that I've taught,
like I did a show for Scifi called Joe Rogan questions.
Everything.
Yeah.
I watch that show that cured me and show cured me of a lot of my nonsense with
with conspiracies when we used to talk about,
yes.
Yeah,
that's definitely the time.
All the time.
Yeah.
But I,
I needed to actually study it.
So for six,
that's basically
all I did.
I interviewed people and I like big foot believers,
Ufo believers,
all and the one thing that they have in common is they all seem to be kind of
lost and dependent upon this thing being real instead of being objective.
There was only one lady that I interviewed that saw bigfoot that really seemed
to be telling the truth,
but I think she saw a bear bear's walk on two feet all the time.
They do it all the time as video footage.
You could find it all the time.
And she was in the Pacific northwest,
which is incredibly dense woods.
You see something,
you'd glimpse it.
Look I was hunting once in,
in in Canada and Alberta and I thought I saw a wolf for like two seconds.
It was a squirrel.
Okay.
Understand this.
This is fucking,
what does that not squirrel?
Yeah,
I just saw far right.
I saw her and I was cause it's really dense was cause I was looking for fucking
wolves.
Oh.
Cause I was like,
cause I know we did see one wolf.
It crossed the road is either wolf or coyote was hard to tell because it was at
dusk.
It was very dark out.
But um,
when you're looking for something,
you think everything is that thing you're looking for.
Yeah.
Sort of like a to thought that fucking squirrel was a wolf.
That's funny.
Yeah.
Well expectation and perception are very linked.
Yes.
Well this also,
they found that uh,
that 50% of everything you see is a product of memory.
Yes.
That,
that when you observe something,
they've done f,
f Mris and that most of the activity in the brain is in the memory center is not
in the,
uh,
visual sensors.
Interesting.
Only about 50% of the activities,
individual centers of the brain.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
The whole thing is very,
I,
when I was a kid,
I went and saw Carl Sagan speak at u of t at the University of Toronto and I was
like,
you know,
14 but he did an equation on the board of the possibility of a alien life other
than us in the universe.
And it came to the smallest.
I mean,
he spent the whole time writing on this chalkboard.
It was fascinating,
but he actually came up with a number at the end and it was such a small,
he says there is,
there is something out there,
but they are so far away that they'll,
that unless they can go faster than the speed of light,
which he said was impossible at the time.
The Seventies.
Yeah.
Uh,
there's no way we've seen them.
That's what he said.
So of some other beings have conquered the speed of light thing,
then maybe we could see them.
Yeah.
But that's okay.
Thing with the exact problem with this skepticism in general is like a that,
you know,
like,
like the skeptics,
skeptics of the,
of the 19th century,
the ones you said germs don't exist.
Right.
Cause we can't see them.
And,
and people who said germs did exist were ridiculed and laughed out of the trade.
Right.
And um,
I agree with you completely.
Just cause you can't see it isn't happening.
It doesn't mean it can't happen.
And even since Sagans Day,
it'd be,
there had been no exoplanets discovered then.
Right.
We now know that there are literally trillions and trillions of sure planet
earth like planets.
Yeah.
Well they did.
They just speculated as to the existence of them outside of our solar system
before the,
the real problem is that if some,
there's a leap and a leap,
a technological leap that opens the doors to massive innovation that once this
happens,
once this happens in this,
and then all this stuff sort of exponentially expands in terms of technological
possibilities,
all you would need is a few hundred years and you have an unrecognizable set of
technology.
Yeah,
sure.
You know,
I mean,
yeah.
Well you were talking about certain,
I mean,
you know,
anti matter idea that they're still trying to figure out,
yeah.
Uh,
that's an insane sorts of energy tomorrow.
I've never even experienced,
you know,
I've with them with a grain of sand that can run a city.
I mean,
that's that big.
Yeah.
And then there's also the theory,
there's recent one,
that space time itself doesn't exist.
So the,
the speed of light barrier becomes moot because that there's the guest,
it's the holographic quantum hologram theory,
quantum holographic theory of the universe,
Talbot's book.
I can't remember.
Holographic universe.
It's,
yeah,
I think so.
But the idea that the universe is basically just a geometry that,
that when you look at it from a certain angle seems three dimensional and it
folds on,
folds into itself so you could travel through the wormhole thing.
It's not even that is the idea that,
that,
that space time is an illusion is,
uh,
and that,
that it doesn't really exist and that's why,
uh,
you know,
like,
uh,
entanglement is possible.
You know,
the idea that,
you know,
spooky spooky action at a distance.
Yes.
That a quantitative annulment.
Yeah.
The reason that,
you know,
uh,
these,
you know,
Adam's on opposite ends of the universe can be affect each other instantaneously
is cause they're not really at opposite ends of the universe.
They're really right next to each other.
It just seems like they're at opposite ends of the universe.
Cause our ability to perceive is basically based on what we have to do to stay
alive on this planet.
So our meager little chimp brains.
Yeah.
Trying to,
trying to quantify all of these things that are around us all the time.
So we put them into this sort of three dimensional box of movement and distance
and,
and that the entire time,
the entire universe could be a compact thing that projects itself like a
hologram onto a screen.
I love these kinds of conversations because I'm clearly too stupid to really
understand what I don't understand anything I just said and I don't understand
you too.
So how stupid does that make me?
Well we don't understand each other.
We're all the same.
Yeah.
That's about like,
I think it'd be interesting to do it like a documentary or something about,
uh,
from about UFO algae because if one thing is the assumption that they're extra
terrestrial is an assumption.
Uh,
but the thing that intrigues me is the power of ridicule to silence.
Yeah.
Even the most intelligent people in our community from examining something like
the ridicule kept doctors from accepting germs.
Sure.
Cause they didn't want to,
they didn't want to be ridiculed by their peers.
And even now you've got people that will like Michael Shermer will cling to the
most absurd explanations for phenomena like the [inaudible] a radar footage.
Uh,
what did he,
what was a Michael Shermer,
I can't even remember it,
but it was,
it was pretty,
it really went to great lengths that entailed having to basically,
uh,
diminish any respect you head for any of the people who reported on the events.
Mm.
It had gone to,
had to go into character assassination in order to eliminate it.
Yeah.
Well that's the best way to kill an idea.
He's a professional skeptic and I like Michael a lot and he's been on the
podcast many times,
but I actually had him debate Randall Carlson and,
um,
Graham Hancock about these ancient civilizations and it wasn't very good for
them.
Like there was some clunky moments.
Skeptics are believers.
Well,
the problem is they're in believing that the problem is being a skeptic itself.
It's a stupid way to look at the world.
It's your actual,
yeah,
sure.
About something.
I don't mean you should be objective.
No.
Be Skeptical.
Right?
Being skeptical is like,
ah,
I don't know.
But I know for sure that that's not true,
but it serves a massive purpose for people that really don't understand things
and he can explain it to you.
And with actual science,
as long as the actual science is being used and it's not,
character assassination is not mockery.
It's not,
it's not.
There's certain people that are just debunkers,
they can call themselves skeptics,
but they're not looking at things like,
oh,
maybe that is effective.
Maybe that is healthy.
That is interesting.
And No,
they don't look at it that way.
They're looking at,
they're trying to pick it apart and that's fine if you can pick it apart,
but if you cannot,
you have to be objective about the fact that,
oh well this is a very interesting phenomenon and this is what we know about
science is that,
and this is what we know about this thing.
And right now we have,
we have a weird conundrum.
Did chariots of the gods?
Yeah.
And did he hurt fun?
Danica was he,
was he a believer?
Hundred percent.
He's all is still in all in.
I asked him,
the first thing I asked him,
I said,
what is desperately have to go pee?
Go.
The first thing I,
uh,
asked him was what is the most compelling piece of evidence?
There's the,
you know,
and he pointed to this,
um,
a Mayan stone plaque that's in [inaudible].
I'm gonna have you ever,
ever seen it?
It's a,
it's a book.
It's a god,
a one of their,
um,
one of their former kings that is lying on his back and he's,
looks like he's moving some,
Jamie,
see if you could find that thing.
It's just really cool,
uh,
carving that they found that looks like there's a guy who is in a seat and it
looks like there's fire behind his back.
And you could say,
you could say that he's manipulating controls on a ship and he's,
you know,
shooting a rocket into the heaven.
I would like to see what the s,
the mainstream version of that is.
Because it also,
it could just be art,
you know,
and imagine being,
yeah,
it could be that they,
they knew about certain things being propelled by fire.
There it is.
Yeah.
That's it.
So if you see this,
I mean that's a big ass stretch to say that guy's in a spaceship.
I don't know what the fuck that is.
He sitting down can alter kind of to me.
He could.
Yeah.
But it does look like he's looking through an ips.
Right.
What's true,
but what does that mean?
Is it a telescope?
Maybe he's just kind of telescope.
I mean that's just an astronomer.
Yeah,
it is possible.
I don't think they had telescopes.
I don't think it telescope was even invented till,
no.
Do they even have a glass at that point?
Oh No.
Well I dunno if the Mayans did.
Wow.
But,
but that was his number one piece of evidence was [inaudible].
I was like,
that's kind of silly when we were kids in the 70s the,
you know,
big foot,
and cherry to the gods and everything was so new.
It.
Look at this image,
look at the bottom of it.
Even the part where the flame is supposed to be coming out from below him.
Which Flint?
Yeah,
that's the,
where's the flame?
I guess the flames.
The Shit.
The very,
very bottom.
But I mean,
I'm not even sure I buy that.
If you were going to draw fire,
you do a really shitty job.
If that's your fire,
that doesn't really look like fire to me.
No.
Like could be anything.
Right?
Right.
If that's fire,
like what is all the stuff around them?
What's all that stuff that looked kind of mechanical though,
right?
It looks like there's bolts does that they have a fire.
God,
maybe they'd heard the fire.
it looks like a monkey kind of face with titties.
Monkey's got some titties.
Oh,
now I get it.
Right,
and then the monkeys.
Is that his teeth?
It's the first Hooters,
right?
It does.
It could be armed,
but the,
that's the point is it's so open to interpretation.
There's so much that you could see if you're looking to see.